Update Company and SupplierCard class to update UI of the company name & Update DG to contain Appendix: Planned Enhancements (#345)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-W14-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

     * e.g. "add -d on/18-01-2023 15:00 s/1 pro/bread q/500 customUnit c/5.50"
     

4. **Enhancement 4**: Make adding a delivery of a product that is not supplied by the supplier throw a warning and error message.
   * **Description**: The current implementation allows users to add a delivery of a product that is not supplied by the supplier without any warning.
   * **Tasks**:
     * We plan to add a warning message when a user tries to add a delivery of a product that is not supplied by the supplier.
     * e.g. "Warning: Unable to add delivery. The product is not supplied by the selected supplier."
     

5. **Enhancement 5**: Make adding supplier tags check for duplicates case-insensitively and throw a warning message.
   * **Description**: The current implementation allows users to add duplicate tags with different case (e.g. "friends" and "Friends").
   * **Tasks**:
     * We plan to check for duplicate tags case-insensitively and throw a warning message.
     * e.g. "Warning: Duplicate tag 'friends' already exists. Please use a different tag."
     

6. **Enhancement 6**: Make mark supplier command less sensitive to spacing for consistency.

>    * **Description**: The current implementation is not sensitive to spacing in other commands but is sensitive to spacing in the mark supplier command.

Reviewer: i think this needs to be clarified better. only the mark delivery, delete delivery and delete supplier commands done require a space between the -d/-s and index. all other commands require a space between the -d/-s and prefix of the first parameter

   * e.g. "mark -s 1 active" is allowed and "mark -s1 active" is not allowed. 
   * **Tasks**:
     * We plan to make the mark supplier command less sensitive to spacing for consistency.
     * e.g. "mark -s 1 active" and "mark -s1 active" should have the same effect.

> 7. **Enhancement 7**: Make upcoming command throw an error when trying to find deliveries with end date earlier than start date.

Reviewer 2: I think this can be a bit confusing, should we change to something like
```suggestion
7. **Enhancement 7**: Make upcoming command throw an error when the date and time input for the aft/DELIVERY_DATE_TIME` parameter is later than the date and time input for parameter `bef/DELIVERY_DATE_TIME`.
```

>    * **Description**: The current implementation allows users to find deliveries with end date earlier than start date without any warning.

Reviewer 2: Should the description be more specific as well?
```suggestion
   * **Description**: The current implementation allows users to key in an invalid date range for PENDING deliveries for the upcoming command without any warning.
```

   * **Tasks**:

>      * We plan to add an error message when a user tries to find deliveries with end date earlier than start date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * We plan to add an error message when a user tries to use the upcoming command with an invalid date range where the `bef/DELIVERY_DATE_TIME` parameter has an earlier date and time than the `aft/DELIVERY_DATE_TIME` parameter.
```

>      * e.g. "Error: End date should be later than start date."

Reviewer 2: "Warning: The DELIVERY_DATE_TIME value for the `aft/ DELIVERY_DATE_TIME` parameter should be earlier than the value for `bef/DELIVERY_DATE_TIME`.

   * **Tasks**:
     * We plan to add a warning message when a user tries to mark an active supplier with pending deliveries as inactive.
     * e.g. "Warning: Unable to mark supplier as inactive. There are pending deliveries associated with this supplier."
     

3. **Enhancement 3**: Make improvements to detect duplicate suppliers. 
   * **Description**: The current implementation defines duplicate suppliers as suppliers with the same name and company name.
   However, it allows users to add duplicate suppliers with names with different case (e.g. "John Doe" and "john doe")
   and multiple spacings (e.g. "John Doe" and "John   Doe").
   * **Tasks**:
     * We plan to redefine duplicate suppliers as suppliers with the same name and phone number. 
     For the supplier name, we plan to make improvements to detect duplicate suppliers case-insensitively.
     Supplier names with multiple spacings will also be considered as the same supplier.
     Under this new implementation, suppliers are not allowed to have the same name and phone number. 

>      * e.g. "Warning: Duplicate supplier 'John Doe' already exists. Please use a different name."

Reviewer: my interpretation was that we count them as duplicate suppliers is they have the same name (case insensitive) AND same number. so i don't think we the warning should be specific to either the name of the phone number as the we should still allow 2 'John Doe's with different phone number

Author: ohh ya make sense
would this be better? 
"Warning: Duplicate supplier detected. Please use a different name/phone number."

Reviewer: yep that sounds good
